If you don't change your father's mind and wait
Don't blame Gu Ruthless
Father paid off
If you have learned your lesson
If my sister is not satisfied
I can apologize to my sister.
Until my sister is satisfied
But heavy cavalry is enough
You gave yourself a good Qin Shi
Your sister and I dare not teach you any more lessons.
The minister is recovering from serious injuries
poor physical strength
Except for the wish
Everyone else is waiting
Master, don't you care about Rouer at all?
go down
Wanyue's father really didn't take good care of you
Dad has tried his best to plan for Wanyue
Who would have thought that the prince would collude with his sister?
Dad
Don't ask too much about how you got hurt
Anyway.
Dad will definitely protect you
Father saw King She Zheng waiting outside the door
Just ask him in after you go out. Yes.
prince
My dad can tell you how he got poisoned
What did you see? My father was poisoned
Your sword god is very similar, is it?
Your father
And my emperor's reckless congestion and harm
What the hell is he trying to do?
I just know it's definitely not a good thing
Don't worry, your father is not a lamb to be slaughtered
The king is also well prepared
By the way, the queen's birthday banquet will be held in a few days.
He seems to have a plan
You must be careful after entering the palace